Tiff, the auction price for your watch 3.50 million
Anyone else increase the price?
Sign it. You 3.60 million tonight
10 million. Isn't this the richest man's birthday?
Why is he interested in this watch?
Also bid 10 million directly
Qin Yun, this is the auction of the Heaven Palace of Bliss
It's also the son of a stinky beggar's spouse like you
There are some things you want, but Ben won't let you
20 million bottles
This mouse is not worth 20 million at all
Don't worry.
You actually like this watch, I'm going to order it.
21 million. 30 million.
31 million. 50 million.
50 million bastards
You dare to oppose me
Jin Yun is my man, what are you?
He deserves to be compared to him